Document latest Label changes (#475)
radix-ui/website: data/primitives/components/label/2.0.0.mdx

name: label
---

# Label

<Description>Renders an accessible label associated with controls.</Description>

<HeroContainer>
  <LabelDemo />
</HeroContainer>

```jsx hero template=Label

```

<Highlights
  features={[
    'Text selection is prevented when double clicking label.',
    'Supports nested controls.',
  ]}
/>

## Installation

Install the component from your command line.

```bash
npm install @radix-ui/react-label
```

## Anatomy

Import the component.

```jsx
import * as Label from '@radix-ui/react-label';

export default () => <Label.Root />;
```

## API Reference

### Root

Contains the content for the label.

<PropsTable
  data={[
    {
      name: 'asChild',
      required: false,
      type: 'boolean',
      default: 'false',
      description:
        'Change the component to the HTML tag or custom component of the only child. This will merge the original component props with the props of the supplied element/component and change the underlying DOM node.',
    },
    {
      name: 'htmlFor',
      type: 'string',
      description: 'The id of the element the label is associated with.',
    },
  ]}
/>

## Accessibility

> This component is based on the native `label` element, it will automatically get you correct labelling if you wrap your control or use `htmlFor` attribute. For your own custom controls to work correctly, ensure you use native controls as base such as `button` or `input`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This component is based on the native `label` element, it will automatically apply the correct labelling when wrapping controls or using the `htmlFor` attribute. For your own custom controls to work correctly, ensure they use native elements such as `button` or `input` as a base.
```

What do you think?
